With love all things are possible.

This paper has been sent to you for good luck.  The original is in New 
England.  It has been around the world nine times.  You will receive good 
luck within the next four days of receiving this letter provided, in turn, 
you send it on.  This is no joke.  You will receive good luck in the mail.
Send no money.  Send copies to the people you think need good luck.  Do not
send money as faith has no price.  Do not keep this letter.  It must leave 
you hands within 96 hours.

An R.A.F officer recieved $470,000.  Joe Elliot received $40,000 and lost 
it because he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines, George Walsh lost
his wife six days after recieving the letter.  He failed to circulate the 
letter.  However, before her death, he received $7,775,000.  Please send 
twenty copies and see what happens in four days.  The chain comes from 
Venezula and is written by Saint Anthony Da Grou, missionary from South 
America.  Since this copy must tour the world, you must make twenty copies 
and send them to friends and associates.  After a few days you will get a 
surprise.  This is true even if you are not superstitious.

Do note the following:  Constantina Die, received the chain in 1983.  He 
asked his secretary tio make twenty copies and send them.  A few days later
he won a lottery of $2,000,000.  Cario Daddit, an office employee who 
received this letter, forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hours.  He
lost his job.  Later, after finding the letter again, he mailed twenty 
copies.  A few days later, he got a better job.  Dallan Fairchild received 
the letter and, not believing, threw the letter away.  Nine days later he 
died.

In 1987, the letter was received by a young woman in California.  It was 
very faded and barely readable.  She promised herself she would retype the 
letter and sent it on, but she put it aside to do later.  She was plagued 
with various problems including expensive car repair.  The letter did not 
leave her hands in 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter as promised and 
got a new car.

Remember, send no money.  Do not ignore this.  It works.

St. Jude

