With love all things are possible.

This paper has been sent to you for good luck.  The original is in New 
Zealand.  It has been around the world nine times.  The luck has now been 
sent to you.  You will receive good luck within four days of receiving this 
letter provided you, in return send it on.  This is no joke.  You will 
receive good luck in the mail.  Send no money.  Send copies to people that 
you think need good luck.  Don't send money as fate has no price.  Do not 
keep this letter.  It must leave your hands within 96 hours.

An RAF officer received $47,000 while in the Philippines.  Gene Welch lost 
his wife 51 days after receiving this letter.  He had failed to circulate 
it.  After her death he received $7,775,000 after circulating it.  Please 
send 20 copies and see what happens in four days.  The chain comes from 
Venezuela and was written by Soul Anthony De Group, a missionary from South 
Africa.  Since the copy must tour the world, you must make 20 coies and 
send them to friends and associates.  After a few days you will get a 
surprise.  This is true even if you are not superstitious.

Do note the following:  Constantine Dine received the chain in 1985.  He 
asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them out.  A few days later 
he won the lottery of over 20 million dollars.  Carlo Daddit, an office 
employee, received the letter and forgot it had to leave his hands within 
96 hours.  He lost his job.  Later he found the letter and mailed 20 copies.
Within a few days he got a better job.  Dalan Fairchild received the letter 
and, not believing, he threw the letter away.  Nine days later he died.

In 1967 this letter received by a young woman in California was very faded 
and barely readable.  She promised herself that she would retype it and 
send it on.  She put it aside to do later and forgot it.  She was plagued 
with various problems including expensive car repairs.  The letter did not 
leave her hands within 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter and within 
days she won a brand new car.

Remember, send no money and do not sign this.  It works.

St. Jude.

Help me to remember Lord that nothing is going to happen to me today that 
you and I cannot handle.
