		WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE

This paper has been sent to you for good luck.  The 
original luck was started in New England.  It had been 
around the world nine times.  The luck has now been sent 
to you.  You will receive good luck within four days of 
receiving this letter providing you in turn send it on.  
This is not a joke.  You will receive good luck in the 
mail.  Send no money.  Send copies to people you think 
need good luck.  Don't send money as fate has no price. 
 Do not keep this letter.  It must leave your hands 
within 96 hours.  

An R. A. F. officer, Joe Elliot, received $470,000; and 
then lost it because he broke the chain.  While in the 
Philippines, Gene Walsh lost his wife 51 days after 
receiving the letter; he failed to circulate this letter.
  However, before her death he received $7,775,000.  
Please send twenty copies and see what happens to you in 
four days.  

The chain comes from Venezuala and was written by Saul 
Anthony DeCamp, a missionary from South Africa.  Since 
the copy must tour the world you must make twenty copies 
and send them to friends and associates.  After a few 
days you will get a surprise.  This is true.  Even if you 
are not superstitious, note the following:  Constantine 
Dira received the chain in 1963.  He asked his secretary 
to make twenty copies and send them out.  A few days 
later he won the lottery of two million dollars.  Carlo 
Daddit, an office employee received the letter and forgot 
that it had to leave his hands in 96 hours.  He lost his 
job.  Later finding hte letter again, he mailed twenty 
copies.  A few days leater he got a better job.  David 
Fairchild received the letter and not believing threw it 
away.  Nine days later he died.  In 1987 the letter 
received by a young woman in California was faded and 
barely readable.  She promised herself she would retype 
the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to do 
later.  She was plagued with various problems including 
expensive car repairs.  The letter did not leave her 
hands in 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter as 
promised and got a new car.

Remember, send no money and do not ignore this letter.

	EXPECT A MIRACLE

GOD BLESS YOU						ST. JUDE WORKS
