With Love All Things Are Possible

This paper has been sent to you for Luck.  The original is in New England.
It has been sent around the world.  The Luck has been sent to you.
You will receive good luck within 4 days of receiving this letter pending
in turn you send it on.

This is no joke.  You will receive good luck in the mail.  Send no money.
Send copies to people you think need good luck.  Do not send money cause
faith has no price.  Do not keep this letter.  It must leave your hands 
within 96 hrs.

An ARP officer Joe Elliot received $40,000,000.  George Welch lost his
wife 5 days after this letter.  He failed to circulate the letter.
However before her death he received $7,775,000.  Please send copies and 
see what happens after 4 days.  

The chain comes from Venezula and was written by Saul Anthony Degnas, a
missionary from S America.  Since that copy must tour the World.  You 
must make 20 copies and send them to friends and associates after a few 
days you will get a surprise.  This is love even if you are not 
superstitious.

Do Note the following: Contonare Dias received this letter in 1903.  He
asked his Sec'y to make copies and send them out.  A few days later he
won a lottery of 20 million dollars.  Carl Dobbit, an office employee
received the letter + forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hrs.
He lost his job.  After finding the letter again he made copies and 
mailed 20 copies.  A few days later he got a better job.  Dolan 
Fairchild received the letter and not believing he threw it away.  9 
days later he died.

In 1987 the letter was received by a young woman in Calif.  It was faded
and hardly readable.  She promised her self she would retype the letter 
and send it on but, she put it aside to do later.  She was plagued with 
various problems, including expensive car problems.  This letter did not 
leave her hands in 96 hrs.  She finally typed the letter as promised and
got a new car.  

Remember send no money.  Do not ignor this - it works.

St Jude

